README.md, before:

# Project Title

This is our Pig Dice Project that will allow the user to play Pig Dice which is a game created by John Scarne in 1945. This game is usually played with many variables, but for the purposes of learning, we will be implementing the simplest logic first.

## Specifications

|Specifications| Input | Output |
| --- | --- | --- |
|1.User needs a roll button   | click roll button of blue hue    | Random number generated: 4 (any number from 1-6)    |
|2. If the random number is not equal to one, then the user may roll again. | click roll button again   | 3, now the total = 7   |
|3. When the user rolls two or more numbers in a row that are not equal to 1, the numbers rolled are added together.  |   2  |  total = 9  |
|4. When the user may click hold after any turn that they do not roll a 1.  | user clicks hold button    | total is tallied and player 2 may now roll. |
|5.   |     |     |
|6.   |     |     |
|7.   |     |     |
|8.   |     |     |
|9.   |     |     |
|10.  |     |     |



### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

## Authors

* **Victor Puentes** **Charlie Kelson** **Andrew Parks** - *Initial work* -

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

add change and fuctionality to display cycle total

README.md, after:

# Project Title

This is our Pig Dice Project that will allow the user to play Pig Dice which is a game created by John Scarne in 1945. This game is usually played with many variables, but for the purposes of learning, we will be implementing the simplest logic first.

## Specifications

|Specifications| Input | Output |
| --- | --- | --- |
|1.User needs a roll button   | click roll button of blue hue    | Random number generated: 4 (any number from 1-6)    |
| Take the random number and add it to player 1's running total  |  2,3    |   2,5  |
|Display the cycle total under "point total"   |  2,3    |   2,3   |
|2. If the random number is not equal to one, then the user may roll again. | click roll button again   | 3, now the total = 7   |
|3. When the user rolls two or more numbers in a row that are not equal to 1, the numbers rolled are added together.  |   2  |  total = 9  |
|If players hit one on the first turn  |     |     |
|6.   |     |     |
|7.   |     |     |
|8.   |     |     |
|4. When the user may click hold after any turn that they do not roll a 1.  | user clicks hold button    | total is tallied and player 2 may now roll. |




### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

## Authors

* **Victor Puentes** **Charlie Kelson** **Andrew Parks** - *Initial work* -

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
